TODOs.md, before:

- [x] Add cheering sounds
- [x] Add 1 gold source
- [x] Fix locations paths rendering (draw from map node)
- [x] Add a flag to "hostile places" (where you cant rest without fighting)
- [x] Feedback on rest
- [x] Add sprites to enemies
- [x] Make a better recruiting menu visualization
- [x] Limit how many hires you can see for place
- [x] Do not show again result screen if it is already visible
- [X] Make map (with full cycle)

- [x] Make characters change target after some distance
- [x] Show kills and losses on result screen

- [x] Enable resting after battling a hostile place
    - [x] Wait player leave node before creating new population

- [x] Tiredness debuff
    [x] Notification
    [x] Actual debuff on units
- [x] Improve performance
- [x] Make places get stronger after each "turn"

- [x] Add ranged unit // holy shit they're OP
- [x] Create last 3 locations in game
- [x] Add an ending (win a battle against smalltown?)
- [x] Improve interfaces
- [x] Fix horizontal input for giving orders
- [x] Add food
    - [x] Hunger debuff
- [x] Show locations army size
~~- [ ] Punish player on defeat~~
- [x] Spawn archers behind warriors
- [ ] Check for collisions before spawning

----

otla
racata
raucer

herb:
go to wikipedia (or dictionary) and search three to five random pages only, choose one and make a game out of it

Commit message:

fix: make tweaks from playtesting

TODOs.md, after:

- [x] Add cheering sounds
- [x] Add 1 gold source
- [x] Fix locations paths rendering (draw from map node)
- [x] Add a flag to "hostile places" (where you cant rest without fighting)
- [x] Feedback on rest
- [x] Add sprites to enemies
- [x] Make a better recruiting menu visualization
- [x] Limit how many hires you can see for place
- [x] Do not show again result screen if it is already visible
- [X] Make map (with full cycle)

- [x] Make characters change target after some distance
- [x] Show kills and losses on result screen

- [x] Enable resting after battling a hostile place
    - [x] Wait player leave node before creating new population

- [x] Tiredness debuff
    [x] Notification
    [x] Actual debuff on units
- [x] Improve performance
- [x] Make places get stronger after each "turn"

- [x] Add ranged unit // holy shit they're OP
- [x] Create last 3 locations in game
- [x] Add an ending (win a battle against smalltown?)
- [x] Improve interfaces
- [x] Fix horizontal input for giving orders
- [x] Add food
    - [x] Hunger debuff
- [x] Show locations army size
~~- [ ] Punish player on defeat~~
- [x] Spawn archers behind warriors
- [x] Fix decimal number to 2
- [x] Let player buy food from vilage
- [x] Add RAID for Smalltown
- [x] Fix hiring window appearing when empty

- [ ] Check for collisions before spawning
----

otla
racata
raucer

herb:
go to wikipedia (or dictionary) and search three to five random pages only, choose one and make a game out of it
